Week3 (#5)
bitprj/Bitcamp-Serverless: week3/homework/issues/displaydata.md

## Displaying Emotion Data and Calculating Valence

> Now that our image has been analyzed by the Face API, we have received emotion data in JSON format. Our task is to read the JSON file and do two things, output the emotions in the image (ie. anger, contempt, disgust, etc) and convert the emotions to a scale called valence. This is what we are going to use to determine whether we recommend a song that is happy, sad, angry, etc.

Reviewer: nit: might choose happier emotions for the examples 😅

           method: 'POST',
           body: payload
   });
   ```

3. Next we have to add a variable for the JSON data. Make a new variable called `data` and set it to the response JSON like we did earlier... If you need a hint, use the `.json()` function. We also need a couple more variables, the first called `emotion` which will be set to `data.result[0].faceAttributes.emotion;`. This basically sets emotion to the first result in our JSON data to pull the information out into a value. Lastly, we have to create the HTML that will actually be displayed:

   ​	i. First, create an `<h3>` tag for the title labelled `emotions in this image:` (make sure to add `<br />` at the end to skip a line)

   ​	ii. Now create 8 `<p>` tags that each show data for a different emotion. The list of emotions are *anger, contempt, disgust, fear, happiness, neutral, sadness, and surprise*. 

   ​	iii. To get the data, remember we set `var emotion` to pull the first value. All we have to do is use jQuery and use this formatting, I've done the first one for you:

   ```javascript
   var resultString = `
   <h3> Emotions in the image: </h3><br />
   <p> anger: ${emotion.anger}</p>
   
   `;

>    // Finish for other data types using the same format (ie. ${emotion.contempt}, and etc)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   // Finish for other data types using the same format (i.e. ${emotion.contempt}, and etc)
```

   ```javascript
   var valence = emotion.happiness + emotion.surprise - emotion.anger - emotion.contempt - emotion.disgust - emotion.fear - emotion.sadness;
   ```

   I've given you the first few lines of code that set `valence` to a value from 0-1 based on the values of given emotions. If you looked closely, you would notice that `emotion.neutral` isn't there. What you need to do is create three conditionals that do three different things.

   ​	i. The first conditional checks if valence is less than `emotion.neutral`, if it is, it sets valence 	to `0.5`.

   ​	ii. The second conditional checks whether valence is greater than `1`, if it is, it sets valence 	to `1`.

   ​	iii. The last conditional checks whether valence is less than `0`, if it is, it sets valence to `0`.

>    These conditionals make it easier to recommend a song. Rather than having a crazy number between 0-1, it uses the data and sorts the song to either be 0, 0.5, or 1. The last thing we need to do is to use jQuery to change two divs, `hidden-emotion` and `emotion`. 

Reviewer: nit: can add a follow-on encouraging them to answer the natural followup question (can we make it have more than 3 options).

i.e. "if you're interested in making a more complex selection algorithm, we encourage you to explore on your own the other options you can add into this system"
